# Code Explanation
This is an explaination of the projects I have uploaded to this repository.

The "D2A2 copy.html.zip" and "D2A2.Rmd" files were created for the final project for my Environmental Data Science class. For this project I downloaded precleaned data on counties in Atlanta provided by my professor into RStudio along with several fuction packages to provide necessary functions. I then used these functions to further refine the data to focus on a few individual regions of Atlanta. From this data I created clean and simple visuals that showed locations of regions relative to the larger Atlanta area, differences in values between regions, as well as trends in demographics in a specific area. I also wrote descriptions for each visualization that lead the reader through the information. This information was then compiled from the Rmd to a presentable html file.

The "ATL.html" and "ATL.Rmd" files were created for a weekly assignment in my Environmental Data Science class. I downloaded data on several regions of Atlanta provided by my professor and a couple function packages. I used these to separate data on four specific regions and to create visuals showing differences for several values in these regions. This information was then compiled from the .Rmd into a presentable HTML file.

The "Computional-Essay.html" and "Computional Essay.Rmd" files were created to complete an assignment in my Environmental Data Science class. For this project I downloaded precleaned health data on U.S. states provided by my professor and well as several fuction packages. I then used the data to divide the states into predetermined regions and created visuals that showed information on physical and mental health bewteen these regions in a couple of different ways. I then used this information to draw a conclusion. This information was then compiled from the .Rmd to a presentable HTML file.

The "385-Final Essay (1).docx" document contains a comprehensive review of the research and modeling for my Nature's Benefits to People class. For this class I uploaded a land cover map that of the Salt Lake Watershed in Utah into QGIS. I then uploaded this same land cover map into a modeling program called InVEST, which I used to change the land cover to convey several potential future and past scenarios and to run said scenarios through the Annual Water Yield Model. The different land cover maps were also modeled in QGIS to provide a comparison. InVEST produced extensive data files which were then copied into Excel and used to make tables comparing the different scenarios. I then used this data to draw conclusions within my essay. 

If you have any questions regarding any of my work or would like see any more examples, please feel free to contact me.
